Put memory tips in central place in annex (#65)
moj-analytical-services/user-guidance: source/documentation/errors.md

They seem to occur when R Studio has been unable to restore your session following a crash.  Note the items in your R environment will no longer be there following a crash, and you'll need to re-run your scripts to bring your data back into memory.

> Crashes often occur when you run out of memory. For more about tracking and freeing memory in RStudio, see: [RStudio memory](annexes.html#rstudio-memory).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Crashes often occur when you run out of memory. For more information about tracking and reducing memory usage in RStudio, see the [RStudio memory usage](annexes.html#rstudio-memory-usage) section.
```

> Crashes often occur when you run out of memory. For more information about tracking and reducing memory usage in RStudio, see the [RStudio memory usage](annexes.html#rstudio-memory-usage) section.

Reviewer: Update link reference:
```suggestion
Crashes often occur when you run out of memory. For more information about tracking and reducing memory usage in RStudio, see the [RStudio memory issues](tools.html#rstudio-memory-issues) section.
```
